[improve][doc] Subscription replication doesn't replicate the type (#625)
apache/pulsar-site: versioned_docs/version-3.0.x/administration-geo.md

              .replicateSubscriptionState(true)
              .subscribe();
  ```
:::note

> * Replication type is not replicated between clusters but determined by the first consumer that connects to the subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replication type is not replicated between clusters. However, it's determined by the first consumer that connects to the subscription.
```
Can we break this long sentence to improve readability?

Author: yes

> * Replication type is not replicated between clusters. However, it's determined by the first consumer that connects to the subscription.

Reviewer 2: Subscription Type?

Author: yes
